hey guys welcome back to my channel so
today I'm going to be showing you my
bantu knot tutorial and what I did to
achieve this style first I started off
with my Camille Rose Naturals coconut
water leave-in and this Jane Carter
solution creamy leave-in styling
smoother as my heat protectant and I
blow-dried my hair I did not blow dry my
hair on hot I did it on a warm setting
until it was kind of straight not bone
straight now I'm going to part my hair
I don't like parts in the middle so I'm
going to kind of do it towards the left
side a little bit it's not like a deep
part it's just like barely off the
middle and I'm going to do it until I
get a straight line and you can pick
whatever side you want your part to be
on now I'm going to section my hair in
section so that it makes easier to do
these bantu knots I like to split it in
half in the back that way I can sleep at
night and then I split it you know on
each side and then I'm going to work in
sections now you want to take small
sections of your hair this is going to
depend on you if you guys want a
chunkier bantu knot you want to take
bigger sections and if you want it a
little bit more defined you're going to
take these I would say they're kind of
small to medium sections and if you want
them like really tight then you could do
smaller sections in this now I'm going
to take my paddle brush and just brush
my hair out to get it rid of all the
knots you don't want any knots when
you're doing this style now I'm going to
use my be mine curly butter as my styler
to set this style and I really love this
butter because it gives a nice hold and
then I'm going to brush it out again and
I'm going to start Bantu nodding as you
can see I left a little bit of space at
the top you don't want to twist really
at your scalp because as you twist
around it's going to get tighter and
tighter and it's really going to hurt so
you want to leave a little bit of
as you're twisting my camera kept going
out of focus so I'm going to show you
again how to do this bantu knot a little
bit more clear than this is but this is
just showing you the gist of it right
here now I'm going to add some bobby
pins because this is just going to
unravel on me if I don't even if I tuck
in the end it's still unravels so I like
to use bobby pins but if you got it
without it you don't need to now a
closer look at how I do my bantu knots
I'm going to brush out all the tangles
add your styler of choice brush it again
make sure it's nice and distributed and
then I'm going to start twisting I'm
going to leave a little bit of space at
the top as you can see and I'm going to
start twisting it like so then you want
to go ahead and start raveling your hair
so I don't know about you guys but bantu
knots have been pretty much a fail in
the past for me so I have three tips to
make sure that you get the best bantu
knot ever one make sure that your hair
is stretched it doesn't have to be
blow-dried but it just needs to be
stretched and it needs to be dry when
you do these bantu knots on wet hair
it's going to be a fail I'm telling you
I've done it many times and it never
comes out right number two make sure
your bantu ZAR even all around you don't
want to do big ones and small ones it's
just not going to turn out right and
it's going to look really funny so make
sure your sections are as even as
possible if you start off with one size
continue with that one size throughout
all your bantu knots and number three is
make sure you are twisting each Ravel
underneath of each other if that makes
any sense so instead of wrapping it
around the Ravel that you just did make
sure your raveling it underneath of it
if that makes any sense so I don't know
if you guys remember curly fries you
want the concept to look kind of like a
curly fry and you want it to Ravel
underneath of each other kind of like
this right here and then once you get to
the end you definitely want to tuck them
in as much as possible so that way it
doesn't become loose at the ends when
you want raveling it because the way you
Ravel it will be the same way it will
look when you unravel it
now to ease some of the pain that comes
with bantu knots I like to leave a
section in the back open so that way I
can sleep at night and I won't be
sleeping on some hard knots I'll have
some space to lay my head and have a
peaceful night I allow the twists to dry
overnight and I did sit under the dryer
for about 15 minutes just to ensure that
it was totally dry now I'm going to use
my avocado oil to apply to my hair as I
take them down and I'm going to untwist
it as you can see how I'm doing right
here you want to untwist it like you're
on twisting like a bottle of soda you
just want to twist it and makes it
easier to take it down so you don't
create as much frizz and as you can see
my hair looks like a curly fries same
way I twisted it up the same way it
unraveled and it looks the same so
that's why I gave you those tips so that
way it doesn't look you know uneven and
it looks very uniform
I don't know how you guys like it but
I'm not going to leave my hair like this
I'm gonna go ahead and separate my
twists so that I can have some more
volume on a side note I am now on
snapchat so I would love if you guys
followed me I will be following you guys
back as well for a little bit so go
ahead and hurry up and do that so that I
can see what's going on in your lives as
well and we can communicate with each
other I feel like this is the easiest
way for me to communicate with you guys
and for you to see what I'm doing if I'm
going to be recording a video from
uploading a video it's the easiest way
okay back to the hair so I separated my
hair even more and I'm using my pick to
separate it even more because I like a
lot of volume and I was still able to
keep a lot of definition as you can see
and still have a lot of volume and to
preserve this style I'm just going to
pineapple my hair at night it doesn't
usually last me more than two days and
this is you know what it looks like so I
hope you guys enjoyed this video as you
can see my hair is very bouncy and I
would love to see you guys recreate this
style as well go ahead and tag me on
Instagram so I can see how your bantu
knots came out and if you liked this
video and it was very helpful to you
don't forget to like it give it a thumbs
up and go ahead and subscribe to my
channel for more videos so you can see
when I post a video thank you so much
for watching guys I will see you on my
next one bye